Add managed execution and automatic-infrastructure push work pool to tutorial (#11444)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/work-pools.md

Note that individual deployments can override the work pool configuration.

Now that you’ve set up your work pool, we can create a deployment that is tied to this work pool.
Let's deploy your tutorial flow to `my-managed-pool`.

## Create the deployment

From our previous steps, we now have:

1. [A flow](/tutorial/flows/)
2. A work pool

Let's update our `repo_info.py` file to create a deployment in Prefect Cloud.

The updates that we need to make to `repo_info.py` are:

1. Change `flow.serve` to `flow.deploy`.
2. Tell `flow.deploy` which work pool to deploy to.

Here's what the updated `repo_info.py` looks like:

```python hl_lines="17-23" title="repo_info.py"
import httpx
from prefect import flow

@flow(log_prints=True)
def get_repo_info(repo_name: str = "PrefectHQ/prefect"):
    url = f"https://api.github.com/repos/{repo_name}"
    response = httpx.get(url)
    response.raise_for_status()
    repo = response.json()
    print(f"{repo_name} repository statistics 🤓:")
    print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo['stargazers_count']}")
    print(f"Forks 🍴 : {repo['forks_count']}")

TK repo below

if __name__ == "__main__":
    get_repo_info.from_source(

>         source="https://github.com/desertaxle/demo.git", 

Reviewer: Do we host this flow in a public repo under the PrefectHQ org? If not, I think we should to make this code runnable as is.

Author: I don't believe so and I think that's a good idea.

Author: Made it runnable and put in own repo.

Infrastructure successfully provisioned!
Created work pool 'my-cloud-run-pool'!
```

</div>

After infrastructure provisioning completes, you will be logged into your new Artifact Registry repository and the default Docker build namespace will be set to the URL of the repository.

While the default namespace is set, any images you build without specifying a registry or username/organization will be pushed to the repository.

To take advantage of this functionality, you can write your deploy scripts like this:

```python hl_lines="14" title="example_deploy_script.py"
from prefect import flow                                                       
from prefect.deployments import DeploymentImage                                

@flow(log_prints=True)
def my_flow(name: str = "world"):
    print(f"Hello {name}! I'm a flow running on Cloud Run!")

if __name__ == "__main__":                                                     
    my_flow.deploy(                                                            
        name="my-deployment",
        work_pool_name="above-ground",
        image=DeploymentImage(
            name="my-image:latest",
            platform="linux/amd64",

>         )

Reviewer: It might be worth including a note about the usages of `DeploymentImage` and `platform`. You only need to include `platform="linux/amd64` if you're building your image on a machine with an ARM-based processor. Otherwise, you could just pass `image="my-image:latest"`.

    )
```

This will build an image with the tag `<region>-docker.pkg.dev/<project>/<repository-name>/my-image:latest` and push it to the repository.

See the [Push Work Pool guide](/guides/push-work-pools/) for more details and example commands for each cloud providers.

## Next step

Congratulations! You've learned how to use work pools to deploy flows to remote infrastructure.

> Learn how to use work pools that rely on a worker and build Docker images so that your flows can run in other container-based infrastructure in the [next section of the tutorial](/tutorial/workers/).

Reviewer: It's also possible the reader could stop here if this setup is what they need. We could include some reasons why they would want to use a worker setup. I think the primary reason will be because they run their own Prefect API server or because they want to execute flows in a Kubernetes cluster.

---
description: Learn how Prefect deployments can be configured for scheduled and remote execution with work pools.
tags:
    - work pools
    - orchestration
    - flow runs
    - deployments
    - schedules
    - tutorial
search:
  boost: 2
---

# Work Pools

> !!! note "Prefect Cloud"

Reviewer 2: @discdiver what you you think of moving this warning to the "Set up a work pool" section and just having the user skip to the next tutorial from there if appropriate? I think it would read more clearly.

Author: That's a good call. Thank you. Done.

    This tutorial uses Prefect Cloud to deploy flows to work pools.
    Managed execution and push work pools are available in [Prefect Cloud](https://www.prefect.io/cloud) only.
    If you are not using Prefect Cloud, please learn about work pools below and then proceed to the [next tutorial](/tutorial/workers/) that uses worker-based work pools.

## Why work pools?

> Work pools are a bridge between the Prefect orchestration layer and infrastructure for flow runs that can be dynamically provisioned.

Reviewer 2: This statement feels less true now that we have managed execution. We may want to simply present work pools as places your flow code can run.

    You can seamlessly combine approaches as needed.

!!! note "Deployment definition methods differ slightly for work pools"
    When you use work-pool-based execution, you define deployments differently.
    Deployments for workers are configured with `deploy`, which requires additional configuration.
    A deployment created with `serve` cannot be used with a work pool.

The primary reason to use work pools is for **dynamic infrastructure provisioning and configuration**.
For example, you might have a workflow that has expensive infrastructure requirements and is run infrequently.
In this case, you don't want an idle process running within that infrastructure.

Other advantages to using work pools include:

- You can configure default infrastructure configurations on your work pools that all jobs inherit and can override.
- Platform teams can use work pools to expose opinionated (and enforced!) interfaces to the infrastructure that they oversee.
- Work pools can be used to prioritize (or limit) flow runs through the use of [work queues](/concepts/work-pools/#work-queues).

Prefect provides several [types of work pools](/concepts/work-pools/#work-pool-types).

> Prefect Cloud provides a Prefect Managed work pool option that is the simplest way to deploy remote workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud provides a Prefect Managed work pool option that is the simplest way to run workflows remotely.
```

A cloud-provider account, such as AWS, is not required with a Prefect Managed work pool.

## Set up a work pool

### Create a Prefect Managed work pool

In your terminal, run the following command to set up a work pool named `my-managed-pool` of type `prefect:managed`.

<div class="terminal">

```bash
prefect work-pool create my-managed-pool --type prefect:managed 
```

</div>

Let’s confirm that the work pool was successfully created by running the following command.

<div class="terminal">

```bash
prefect work-pool ls
```

</div>

You should see your new `my-managed-pool` in the output list.

Finally, let’s double check that you can see this work pool in the UI.

Navigate to the **Work Pools** tab and verify that you see `my-managed-pool` listed.

Feel free to select **Edit** from the three-dot menu on right of the work pool card to view the details of your work pool.

Work pools contain configuration that is used to provision infrastructure for flow runs.
For example, you can specify additional Python packages or environment variables that should be set for all deployments that use this work pool.
Note that individual deployments can override the work pool configuration.

> Now that you’ve set up your work pool, we can create a deployment that is tied to this work pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you’ve set up your work pool, we can deploy a flow to this work pool.
```

The updates that we need to make to `repo_info.py` are:

1. Change `flow.serve` to `flow.deploy`.
2. Tell `flow.deploy` which work pool to deploy to.

Here's what the updated `repo_info.py` looks like:

```python hl_lines="17-23" title="repo_info.py"
import httpx
from prefect import flow

@flow(log_prints=True)
def get_repo_info(repo_name: str = "PrefectHQ/prefect"):
    url = f"https://api.github.com/repos/{repo_name}"
    response = httpx.get(url)
    response.raise_for_status()
    repo = response.json()
    print(f"{repo_name} repository statistics 🤓:")
    print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo['stargazers_count']}")
    print(f"Forks 🍴 : {repo['forks_count']}")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    get_repo_info.from_source(
        source="https://github.com/discdiver/demos.git", 
        entrypoint="repo_info.py:my_flow"
    ).deploy(
        name="my-first-deployment", 
        work_pool_name="my-managed-pool", 
    )
```

In the `from_source` method, we specify the source of our flow code.

In the `deploy` method, we specify the name of our deployment and the name of the work pool that we created earlier.

You can store your flow code in any of several types of remote storage.

> In this example, we use a GitHub repository, but you could use a Docker image, as you'll see in an upcoming section of the tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we use a GitHub repository, but you could use a different git-based cloud provider such as GitLab or Bitbucket.
```

> Alternatively, you could store your flow code in cloud provider storage such as AWS S3, or within a different git-based cloud provider such as GitLab or Bitbucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you could store your flow code in cloud provider storage such as AWS S3, or within Docker image, as you'll see in an upcoming section of the tutorial.
```

┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━┩
│ get-repo-info/my-first-deployment  | applied │         │
└───────────────────────────────────┴─────────┴─────────┘

To schedule a run for this deployment, use the following command:

        $ prefect deployment run 'get-repo-info/my-first-deployment'

You can also run your flow via the Prefect UI: https://app.prefect.cloud/account/
abc/workspace/123/deployments/deployment/xyz
```

</div>

Navigate to your Prefect Cloud UI and view your new deployment.
Click the "Run" button to trigger a run of your deployment.

Because this deployment was configured with a Prefect Managed work pool, Prefect Cloud will run your flow on your behalf.

View the logs in the UI.

Now that you've updated your script, you can run it to register your deployment on Prefect Cloud:

<div class="terminal">

```bash
python repo_info.py
```

</div>

### Schedule a deployment run

Now everything is set up for us to submit a flow-run to the work pool.
Go ahead and run the deployment from the CLI or the UI.

<div class="terminal">

```bash
prefect deployment run 'get_repo_info/my-deployment'
```

</div>

> Prefect Managed work pools are a great way to get started with dynamic infrastructure.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prefect Managed work pools are a great way to get started with Prefect.  
```

Reviewer 2: When a user uses a managed work pool they shouldn't have to think about infra at all.

from prefect import flow                                                       
from prefect.deployments import DeploymentImage                                

@flow(log_prints=True)
def my_flow(name: str = "world"):
    print(f"Hello {name}! I'm a flow running on Cloud Run!")

if __name__ == "__main__":                                                     
    my_flow.deploy(                                                            
        name="my-deployment",
        work_pool_name="above-ground",
        image=DeploymentImage(
            name="my-image:latest",
            platform="linux/amd64",
        )
    )
```

This will build an image with the tag `<region>-docker.pkg.dev/<project>/<repository-name>/my-image:latest` and push it to the repository.

Note that you only need to include an object of the `DeploymentImage` class with the argument `platform="linux/amd64` if you're building your image on a machine with an ARM-based processor.
Otherwise, you could just pass `image="my-image:latest"` to `deploy`.

See the [Push Work Pool guide](/guides/push-work-pools/) for more details and example commands for each cloud provider.

## Next step

Congratulations!

> You've learned how to use work pools to deploy flows to remote infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've learned how to use to deploy flows to work pools.
```

> These infrastructure options might meet all of your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If work pool options might meet all of your needs, we encourage you to go deeper with the [concepts docs](/concepts/) or explore our [how-to guides](/guides/) to see examples of particular Prefect use cases.
```

> In that case, we encourage you to go deeper with the [concepts docs](/concepts/) or explore our [how-to guides](/guides/) to see examples of particular Prefect use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
